Create ui-c8y-1021-22-25-ui-make-device-info-delete-button-use-lwm-2-m-agent.md (#2864)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1021-34-2-ui-make-device-info-delete-button-use-lwm-2-m-agent.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fix device delete button in LWM2M device information page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Delete button in Info tab of LWM2M devices works properly
```

> title: Delete button in Info tab of LWM2M devices works properly

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Integration of delete button in Info tab for LWM2M devices
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:

>   - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
>     label: Fix

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Improvement
```

component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-3538

> version: 1021.22.25

Reviewer 2: the version looks incorrect for 2025 release.

---

> [UI] Make Device Info delete button use LWM2M agent to do delete for LWM2M devices (#7815) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#8061)

Reviewer: @JacekGonera Please provide a description with details.

> Previously, the **Delete** button on the **Info** tab in the device details did not work properly for LWM2M devices. This issue has been fixed and LWM2M devices can now be properly deleted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, the **Delete** button on the **Info** tab in the device details were not integrated for LWM2M devices and an additional cleanup operation was required. Now this button is integrated for LWM2M device and LWM2M devices can now be properly deleted.
```

> Previously, the delete button in the device info page was not working properly for LwM2M devices. With this change, the delete button now uses the LwM2M agent to perform the device deletion. This ensures that LwM2M devices can be properly deleted, providing a consistent user experience for device management across different device types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the **Delete** button on the **Info** tab in the device details did not work properly for LWM2M devices. This issue has been fixed and LWM2M devices can now be properly deleted.
```
